Added development guides to CONTRIBUTING.md (#727)
permitio/opal: CONTRIBUTING.md

Custom Fetch Providers are a great way to extend OPAL, and we would love to see your implementation of a new fetch provider!
To get started, you can check out the tutorial on how to [Write Your Own Fetch Provider](https://opal.ac/tutorials/write_your_own_fetch_provider).

We are always looking to improve OPAL and would love to hear your ideas!

### <a name="submit-pr"></a> Submitting a Pull Request (PR)

Pull requests are welcome! 🙏

Please follow these guidelines:

1. **Create an Issue**: Open a [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/permitio/opal/issues) for your feature or bug fix.
2. **Fork & Branch**: Fork this repository and create a new branch based on `master`. Name your branch descriptively (e.g., `fix/issue-123`, `feature/new-fetch-provider`).
3. **Write Tests**: If your changes affect functionality, include tests.
4. **Update Documentation**: Ensure any new features or configurations are documented.
5. **Check Quality**: Run all tests and linters:
    ```bash
    pytest
    pre-commit run --all-files
    ```
6. **Submit PR**: Open a pull request, linking to the issue and explaining your changes clearly.

> We aim to review all PRs promptly. Make sure to respond to any comments and update your PR as needed.

Reviewer: @danyi1212

# Contributing Guide

We would love for you to contribute to this project and help make it even better than it is today! 💎

As a contributor, here are the guidelines we would like you to follow:
 - [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/permitio/opal/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
 - [Question or Problem?](#question)
 - [Issues and Bugs](#issue)
 - [Feature Requests](#feature)
 - [Development Guidelines](#development)

## <a name="question"></a> Got a Question or Problem?
Come talk to us about OPAL, or authorization in general - we would love to hear from you ❤️

You can:
- Raise questions in our [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/permitio/opal/discussions)
- Report issues and ask for features in [GitHub issues](https://github.com/permitio/opal/issues)
- Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/opal_ac) to get the latest OPAL updates

> - Join our [Slack community](https://bit.ly/opal-slack) to chat about authorization, open-source, realtime communication, tech or anything else! We are super available on Slack ;)

Reviewer 2: This link is outdated 
```suggestion
- Join our [Slack community](https://io.permit.io/slack) to chat about authorization, open-source, realtime communication, tech or anything else! We are super available on Slack ;)
```
